Add S3 (#37771)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/s3.markdown

---
title: S3
description: Instructions on how to setup S3 bucket to be used as a backup location.
ha_release: 2025.4
ha_category:
  - Backup
ha_iot_class: Cloud Push
ha_config_flow: true
ha_domain: s3
ha_codeowners:
  - '@tomasbedrich'
ha_integration_type: service
---

> This integration allows you to use S3 bucket with Home Assistant Backups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **S3** {% term integrations %} allows you to use S3 bucket with Home Assistant Backups.
```

[AWS S3](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/) is the most widely known service with S3 API.

> Any S3-compatible service (e.g. [Minio](https://github.com/minio/minio)) should work with this integration as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any S3-compatible service (for example, [Minio](https://github.com/minio/minio)) should work with this integration as well.
```
